[Music]
for the chicken i'm going to make
a smoky sticky marinade that will give
it a real kick
first of all i'm going to take the
smoked paprika
i really like it for something like
bonfire night not only does it give a
good color
it gives a lovely sort of smoky flavor
two tablespoons of that
the same amount of worcester sauce it
gives it strength and potency
and then a touch of sweetness from maple
syrup
two tablespoons easy to remember add
six tablespoons of olive oil and to give
it a bit of fiery heat
just a few drops of tabasco and two
cloves of crushed garlic
it's a gorgeous deep red color
season the chicken and then it's time to
get them into the marinade
look at that
[Music]
i'll just get one hand messy that's it
once every drumstick is coated they will
need at least 30 minutes in the fridge
ideally overnight the longer you leave
it
the better it is while the chicken is
marinating i'm going to crack on with
some baked potatoes
i've already baked mine for an hour in
the oven and they're ready to fill
scoop out the centers and give the
potato a quick mash before adding butter
and just a little bit of milk as my
husband says you can't have a little bit
of milk
or a little bit of wine it's a drop
[Music]
i'm adding soft goat's cheese
roasted red peppers from a jar
and a generous handful of chopped basil
the aroma
from this basil is absolutely lovely
[Music]
all i need to do is to load it back into
the potato skins
it's amazing how much you can cram in
[Music]
they look good even without putting them
in the oven there's lots of different
fillings to make for these
i've also done pesto parsley and
parmesan mix
bacon a mushroom topped with cheddar
cheese
and spring onion with sour cream and a
sprinkle of paprika
those just need a drizzle of oil and 15
minutes in the oven until the skins are
crisp
and the filling beautifully golden
back to my chicken here we are
they've had 30 minutes and now i'm going
to
roast them
[Music]
here's my simple trick to fit them all
in
there they are looking like soldiers
there's still a little marinade left in
there
shame to waste it so let's just pour it
over the meaty part
like that
[Music]
that's it they're all well coated those
go into a hot oven for about 30 minutes
until golden and sticky
they really look amazing and the smell
how's that for a bonfire feast that
packs a punch
[Music]
so
you